Updates to pages: Install, transcript, undo (#23)
BigSoftVideo/DOTE: undo.md

When a Media Player panel is altered (eg. change of view or video selection or subtitles), an Undo and a Redo button appears on each Media Player panel at the top.

### Changes to Transcript Clips & Annotations

> To undo changes to Clips & Annotations you may find it easier to use the Undo Manager to find a point before the change to rollback to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To undo changes to Clips & Annotations you may find it easier to use the Undo Manager to find a point before the change to roll back to.
```
